BZ2006197 clarify proxy config (#54770)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-proxy-configure-object.adoc

[id="nw-proxy-configure-object_{context}"]
= Enabling the cluster-wide proxy

> The Proxy object is used to manage the cluster-wide egress proxy. When a cluster is installed or upgraded without the proxy configured, a Proxy object is still generated but it will have a nil `spec`. For example:

Reviewer: While you're in here:

"`Proxy` object" or "proxy," AFAIK: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#api-object-formatting

status:
----

> A cluster administrator can configure the proxy for {product-title} by modifying this `cluster` `Proxy` object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A cluster administrator can configure the `Proxy` for {product-title} by modifying this `cluster` `Proxy` object.
```

Author: This one I interpreted the first "proxy" as a general term, not the object, so it would be lc. (This is per the previous reviewer's ask. These fixes outside the footnote are out of the scope of this PR, so I don't want to change any language on these extras.) https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#api-object-formatting

.Procedure

> . Create a ConfigMap that contains any additional CA certificates required for proxying HTTPS connections.

Reviewer: "`ConfigMap` object" or "config map"

----
+
--
<1> A proxy URL to use for creating HTTP connections outside the cluster. The URL scheme must be `http`.

> <2> A proxy URL to use for creating HTTPS connections outside the cluster. The URL scheme must be `https`.

Reviewer 3: The description of the proxy URL for HTTPS connections is not correct, proxy for https connections may be either http or https. We use http proxies for https connections in testing quite frequently and it works fine. If the user is using an proxy that listens for https connections from the cluster the usual caveats regarding configuring the cluster to accept CA's and certificates used by the proxy may apply.

Reviewer 3: It might also be helpful to mention that specifying an https:// url for a proxy that only supports http is going to result in some rather strange behavior depending on the proxy used, most proxies will report an error but the failure message may not propagate to the user/logs and look more like a network connection failure.

> <2> A proxy URL to use for creating HTTPS connections outside the cluster. The URL scheme must be either `http` or `https`. Specify a URL for the proxy that supports the URL scheme. For example, most proxies will report an error if configured with `https` but only supports `http`. The failure message may not propagate to the logs, however, and appear to be a network connection failure. If using a proxy that listens for `https` connections from the cluster, you may need to configure the cluster to accept the Certificate Authorities and certificates used by the proxy.

Reviewer: To me, this is getting long enough that it might require breaking out beyond a callout. Judgment call, though.

```suggestion
<2> A proxy URL to use for creating HTTPS connections outside the cluster. The URL scheme must be either `http` or `https`. Specify a URL for the proxy that supports the URL scheme. For example, most proxies will report an error if they are configured to use `https` if they only support `http`. This failure message may not propagate to the logs, however, and can appear to be a network connection failure instead. If using a proxy that listens for `https` connections from the cluster, you may need to configure the cluster to accept the certificate authorities and certificates that the proxy uses.
```

<3> A comma-separated list of destination domain names, domains, IP addresses or other network CIDRs to exclude proxying.
+
Preface a domain with `.` to match subdomains only. For example, `.y.com` matches `x.y.com`, but not `y.com`. Use `*` to bypass proxy for all destinations.
If you scale up workers that are not included in the network defined by the `networking.machineNetwork[].cidr` field from the installation configuration, you must add them to this list to prevent connection issues.
+
This field is ignored if neither the `httpProxy` or `httpsProxy` fields are set.
<4> One or more URLs external to the cluster to use to perform a readiness check before writing the `httpProxy` and `httpsProxy` values to status.

> <5> A reference to the ConfigMap in the `openshift-config` namespace that contains additional CA certificates required for proxying HTTPS connections. Note that the ConfigMap must already exist before referencing it here. This field is required unless the proxy's identity certificate is signed by an authority from the RHCOS trust bundle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<5> A reference to the config map in the `openshift-config` namespace that contains additional CA certificates required for proxying HTTPS connections. Note that the config map must already exist before referencing it here. This field is required unless the proxy's identity certificate is signed by an authority from the RHCOS trust bundle.
```
